Jamie.milstein/scrollmaps image (#20130)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/heatmaps/_index.md

Scrollmaps show a visual of the aggregate scroll activity on a given page. Use Scrollmaps to see where the average fold of the page falls, and how many users scroll to a given depth. You can drag the floating blue bar on a Scrollmap to the depth you wish to assess.

> {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/heatmaps/scrollmaps-v3.png" alt="Scrollmap of the chairs page." style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/heatmaps/scrollmaps-v3.png" alt="Scrollmap of the bedding page in a sample ecommerce application" style="width:100%;">}}
```
